---
layout: post
title: "Moon Face"
date: 2016-11-20
categories:
  - Mountains
description: "The Face of Moon is Always in Shadows."
image: http://i.imgur.com/DmWNiVK.png
image-sm: http://i.imgur.com/DmWNiVK.png 
---
I do not remember how many times I decided to write something for myself, but I quit at the end. After I quit my job, I think it is the time for me to really write something for  myself rather than anyone else. 

<center><p><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/HLo1ERDhVl8" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></p></center>

This is a video for the problem of center and peripheral. James loves talking about this question in art. The man with his dogs come into this place, and avoid the black and white which caused by the column in the center. They walk in the shadows. They show up, and they left, like they never came. However, even though there is no prof, they were here once.  

Sometimes, I quest myself, can anyone live in shadows forever? That would be nice if I do not need to meet anyone anymore. Do not need to talk, and do not need to pretend to be anyone else instead of myself. For this whole half of a year, I barely did anything about programing or computer science. I though I could be the best on something I should not focus on, and I though I could be someone I should never be. Finally, I recreate this place, again. 

The main reason that I come back to GitHub is very dramatical. I bought a server, but they cancelled my service within one day because they believed I am fraud. Well then, God does not want me to spend any money, then I use GitHub. 

For now, no one knows this place, so I can put my shadows here. I wish I could always stay in shadows because the sun lights are to exhausted to me. 
